AFTER THE END FAN FORK
A fan-made fork of the original post-apocalyptic North America mod for Crusader Kings II
Version 0.5 (Forked off from After the End v0.9)
Compatible with CK2 3.2.1 and the Holy Fury DLC

	INSTALLATION
1. Delete any previous versions of this mod.
2. Download "After the End Fan Fork.zip".
3. Unzip everything to to My Documents/Paradox Interactive/Crusader Kings II/mod (Windows) or Documents/Paradox Interactive/Crusader Kings II/mod (Mac). If the "mod" folder does not exist, you should create it.
4. Open Crusader Kings II and check "After the End Fan Fork" in the "Mods" section of the launcher.
5. If you have Sunset Invasion, enable it and the "After the End Fan Fork - Sunset Invasion DLC" mod. This will not cause an Aztec invasion, but it will allow Native American faces to show properly.
6. Similarly, if you have African Portraits, enable it and the "After the End Fan Fork - African Faces DLC" mod.
7. All of the other included portrait submods operate on similar principles. English and German Faces requires Monks and Mystics, while Chinese Faces requires Jade Dragon. The others should be easy enough to guess.

	CREDITS
Mod Creator: Ofaloaf	
	
Fan Fork Team:
9Kbits
Dryhad
GSonderling
Peterhobo1
Colin Nash
Scarlet (former)
CactusHat
ObediahTheSlim
tsf4
BomberHarris
Sigiswulf
Stormwind/Norse_Emperor
KoraxTheGhoul
Nexerus
Lord Puurple
Katanasama
Deds
desertflowers/Vivian
al-Sayyid/ShiatAli
Shadeoses/BoneLorde
Lord_Iggy/KaYoS
jd_stuyvesant/Stuyvesant

Original mod team:

Main Team:
Ofaloaf
Sam (aka notalbanian)
Klonself
SteelyGlint
Celt de Brun
Shadeoses
thecookiemaster

Other Mod Content:
Clothing and headgear by the Game of Thrones mod team
Clothing and headgear by sifsilver ofthe CPRplus mod
Chinese portraits by rein005
Clothing and headgear by Crackdtoothgrin
Borders from NBRT by EOOQE
Casus bellis from Project Balance
Titular Empires from CK2+ (old version) by Wiz
Portraits from Lux Invicta by DarkReborn and others
Clothing and headgear from AGOT Congenital Overhaul by LancelotLoire
Muslim societies from Maal's Sufi Schools mod

Images:
All flags have been resized to be compatible with game requirements.
Jewish Flags: User:Hosmich for the Yiddish flag, User:Zirland for the background of the Neoladino flag (Simple Andalusian flag), and User:Frater5 for the menorah in the Neoladino flag
Jewish Artifacts: User:An Encore Performance From The Boys In The Band for the flag used in the Jewish banner, and User:Daniel G. for the menorah used in the Golden Menorah image
Jewish CoAs: User:Gilgamesh for the Star of David emblem, User:An Encore Performance From The Boys In The Band for the Ink Flag-style Star of David emblem, User:Scrumshus for the Shin emblem, User:AnonMoos for the Chai emblem, User:Meul for the Khamsa emblem (plain), User:Madboy74 for the Khamsa emblem (open eye), User:Dan Pelleg for the Shalom emblem, en:User:Cameltrader for the Lion of Judah emblem (taken from the Emblem of Jerusalem), and User:Mushki Brichta for the Shofar emblem.
Papal Tiara artifact: John Bellairs (http://www.bellairsia.com/) for the photos of the Papal Tiara.
Shomrim flag: Shomrim Brooklyn South Safety Patrol
Other flags: User:Sodacan for the flag of New France, User:Wighson for the recreation of the original Bear Flag (used in the flag for the Golden Bears)
Freemason image (used in Knight Templar trait): User:miguelalmario
Grand Rebbe flag: Credit to oren neu dag for the source image (Chabad Moshiach flag)
Candomble event image: André Koehne
Roraima event image: User/Ixitixel (CC BY-SA 2.0 DE) 
Amazon River event image: Neil Palmer/CIAT
Totem Pole event image: User/Husky22
Colorado River flag: User/Xasartha
Easter Egg CoA: Wagner51
Jack-O-Lantern Icon: FatCow
Shamrock Icon: User/Zoney and User/Booyabazooka
Mayo flag and Yaqui flag: Marrovi

Music:
"Sardana", "Lord of the Land", "Teller of the Tales", "Drums of the Deep", "DD Groove", "Porch Blues", "Virtutes Instrumenti", "Night of the Owl", "Achaidh Cheide", "Black Bird", "Dhaka", "Moorland", "Thunderhead", "Suonatore di Liuto", "Laid Back Guitars, "Angevin B", "Pippin the Hunchback", "Senbazuru", "Finding Movement", "Hidden Past", "Ibn Al-Noor", "Mystery Bazaar", "Tabuk", "Desert City", "Untitled African rhythm" (named Rhythm in-game)
Kevin MacLeod (incompetech.com)

"Lazy Days"
by Purple Planet (purple-planet.com)
Licensed under Creative Commons: By Attribution 3.0 (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/)

"Around the Lake", "Driving to the Delta"
by Lobo Loco, downloaded from Free Music Archive (freemusicarchive.org)
Licensed under Creative Commons: Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 3.0 Unported (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/3.0/)

"Guilderoy", "Lowlands Away"
by The United States Army Old Guard Fife and Drum Corps, downloaded from Free Music Archive (freemusicarchive.org)
Public Domain

"Native American Flute"
by karshkov (https://soundcloud.com/karshkov/native-american-flute)
Licensed under Creative Commons: Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 3.0 (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/3.0/)

"Antediluvian Blues"
by Minmod

test