GUIDELINES FOR BRAZIL:

HISTORY:
The Empire of Brazil should be reunited in around 2150-2200 by someone who claims to be part of the ancient de Braganca dynasty that once ruled Brazil.
They'll be depicted as a separate dynasty in-game to reflect the fact that, even if direct descent is claimed, it'd have to be one of the cadet branches.
The history should be full of intrigue and drama, almost like a Brazilian soap opera. Jealous younger siblings using underhanded methods to gain power is a common theme.
At the start, the Empire should be in a state of unrest, with a young, unproven ruler on the throne.


TERRITORY:
Brazil's on-map territory should be limited to the Northern Captaincy in Roraima and its single tributary futher north.
(NOTE: The area corresponding to the Northern Captaincy should follow the new Brazilian state religion.)
Off-map, its starting territory is centered around the Southeast and Northeast.
The North and Central regions are inhabited by Amazonian tribes who act more as loose tributaries than direct vassals.
If Amazonians successfully invade Brazil, these areas will turn into direct vassals, resulting in a massive increase in brazilwood production.
Gaucho nomads rule the South of Brazil, as well as all of Uruguay/Cisplatina and northern Argentina. The various tribes tend to war among each other.
Southern Brazilian nomads tend to align themselves with the Empire, Argentinian Gauchos tend to oppose the Empire, and Uruguay/Cisplatina flip-flops.
If Gauchos successfully invade Brazil, they'll actually expand the Empire's territory - they'll directly control all of the above areas.


CULTURES:
Brasileiro - Brazilian from AtE. Refers to "mainstream" Brazilians from the Southeast.
Amazonense - same as AtE. Used to model northern Brazilians, who tend to be mixed-race white-indigenous.
Baiano - Used to represent Brazilians from the Northeast, who tend to be either black or mixed-race white-black.
Gaucho - Used to represent southern Brazilians. They are the "whitest" Brazilians, with significant German and Italian ancestry.
(This does a reasonable job of representing the racial and regional diversity present in Brazil while adding as few new cultures as possible.)


RELIGION:
The state religion of Brazil will be called National Conference (Christian). The religious head is the President of the National Conference. (Google the CNBB if you’re confused.)
The religion is a mix of Ursuline and Sacred Heart - religious head that doesn’t claim to be the Pope, but adherents can select patron saints.

Candomble will remain in the game, but it will be far less common - the vast majority of followers are Baiano, and the religion is viewed dimly by the imperial government and the Church heirarchy.

Reino de Deus is the third main Brazilian religion - a minority religion which crosses racial lines. Although small, its followers tend to be militant and zealous.
The church actually views Reino de Deus as worse than Candomble, because Reino de Deus followers proselytize to others and are highly militant, while Candomble followers don't proselytize and generally keep to themselves.
Reino de Deus should be modeled a a heresy of National Conference - not theologically accurate, but better in terms of gameplay mechanics.


STATUSES:
(INCOMPLETE)
Keep the Isolationist/Open/Expansionist stuff from vanilla.
Copy over the Chinese statuses from vanilla (Civil War, Golden Age, Invasion, etc) but add/replace the following:
Jurchen invasion should be replaced with a Gaucho invasion, Mongol invasion should be replaced with an Amazonian invasion.
Civil wars can end in three ways:
*Vanilla - new imperial dynasty with same culture/religion (common)
*Baiano victory - new imperial dynasty is Baiano/Candomble (less common)
*Reino de Deus victory - new imperial dynasty is any culture/Reino de Deus (rarest).
(Candomble rulers will generally be more friendly with Afro-Syncretists and Caribbean cultures, as opposed to National Congress rulers, who tend to be friendlier with Hispanics and Cult of Saints/Christians.)
(Reino de Deus rulers generally dislike all religions besides Falling Star, Evangelical, and Anglican. They are far more likely to go expansionist.)


INVASIONS
We’ll probably replace the existing Brazilian invasion with an Amazonian invasion.
Invaders that can affect Brazil will be the Gauchos (replacing Jurchens) and Amazonians (replacing Mongols).


GRAPHICS:
We’re gonna be implementing at least one new graphical culture for the Gauchos, maybe another for the Baianos. Don't forget all of the traits, too!


TRADE/DIPLO RANGE:
Brazilians will be tied to the Caribbean trade route in the same way that China is tied to the Silk Road in vanilla.
Starting diplo range will be limited to South America east of the Andes. People from New York shouldn’t be able to easily interact with Brazil.
Coffee and Brazilwood will be the silk equivalents for Brazil. Both items are highly-prized and expensive luxury goods that are only available in large quantities from Brazil.
The Caribbean trade route could potentially be renamed to “The Coffee Current” to reflect coffee’s importance as a trade good.


UNIQUE ARTIFACTS:
“Peace and Prosperity for Brazil” - text on Brazilian history
Soccer Ball - not valued highly by Americans
Cristo Redentor replica
Berimbau - musical instrument used in Capoeira (so, it can also increase personal combat ability if you know Capoeira)
“Carta” armor - Japanese-inspired metal plate armor (Brazil has the largest number of Japanese people living outside of Japan.)
Different variety of old world firearm(?) (maybe a straight-up bronze cannon)
Bolas (useful on horseback)
Brazilian sword of some kind (again, maybe Japanese-inspired?)
Some artifacts made of brazilwood - luxury items


INTERACTIONS:
(This list details new interactions available between players and Brazil. Old options will remain in the game unless stated otherwise.)
Can gift Monks/Nuns (replaces eunuch/concubine)
Can receive martial arts experts and musicians as boons. Architects instead of engineers as well.
The imperial marriage option should be changed to "noble marriage", which spawns a more minor Brazilian noblewoman of a random culture.
This boon would cost less to get, but it also wouldn't be as powerful - no automatic peace deal and no honor guard.
Kowtow should be replaced with a simple "Imperial Embassy", involves traveling through the jungle/down the Amazon river or along the coast to Rio (depending on personal choice and whether you have a port or not.)
The Amazonian journey is longer and more dangerous, but it has more unique events associated with it and will give you a larger prestige boost at the end.
The coastal journey is by far safer and shorter, but it has less unique events and a lower prestige boost. (Unless you get shipwrecked...)