Flavor for Native American cultures/religions:

	Ghost Dance
		New decision/event: Perform Spirit Dance
		Can be performed at any time
		Entire group gathered into one place, sacred dances performed in an effort to enter a trance state and receive a prophecy.
		Ruler who takes decision leads the dance, but vassals/acquaintances invited as well
		Multiple outcomes for host:
			No vision received: slightly negative result.
			Negative vision recieved: highly negative result. Possibility to lie and say no vision recieved, losing a lot of piety but avoiding worse consequences...
			Positive vision recieved: positive result.
	
	Raven Tales:
		New decision: Construct Totem Pole
		Analogous to Runestone event from vanilla, can carve totem pole with a variety of messages.
		Totem will become a province modifier in capital for 25/50 years
		Can only build new totem after effect of old totem has worn off
		Four types of totem poles:
			Personal: tell story of own life. Only possible if you are already notable (high prestige) and have a trait/experience worth writing about.
			Memorial: tell story of dead family member (father or mother). Recount method of death and/or positive traits they had.
			Mythic: recount a famous story from Raven Tales mythology. Quality dependent on learning (higher learning = more knowledge of story = better totem pole)
			Shame: use the totem pole to insult a random rival. Can obviously only use if you have at least one rival. This gives you prestige, but it pisses off your rival (obviously).
		
	Plains Indian cultures:
		New decision/event chain: Buffalo Hunt
		Analagous to existing Grand Hunt decision from vanilla
		You gather a band of warriors and go on a buffalo hunt. Success of hunt depends on martial score.
		Will come up with a more detailed version of this later.
		
	Northwest Coast cultures (plus Canuck??):
		New decision/event chain: Potlatch
		Analagous to existing feast event, can only be held during winter
		Costs a significant amount of money to host. Only your court attends (for mechanical reasons)
		Possible to assign minor titles to your courtiers at this event, assuming some titles are open
		If no minor titles are open, you simply recieve some gold.