Event 1: Shaggy's guards discover a dog sleeping at the entrance of his castle, which Shaggy can decide to adopt.
	If "Goofy" events are turned on, this dog become an actual lowborn courtier by the name of Scoobert.
	If "Goofy" events are not turned on, he merely becomes a dog modifier named Scoobert.

Event 2: A group of young people arrive at Shaggy's court, asking him to assist in the investigation of a mystery.
	Apparently, a "ghost" is terrorizing inhabitants of a nearby village, and "gang" suspects foul play. (Negative province modifier added.)
	Shaggy offers to help investigte personally, with the help of his new "bloodhound".
	
Event 3: Investigation
	During the investigation, the group decides to split up. You end up with your dog and an intelligent young woman (Arrives in your court).
	Suddenly, the ghost attacks your group!
	Your options are to flee in terror or fight back.
	
Event 4: Flee
	If you flee in terror, you and your group escape and regroup with the other group.
	At this point, the leader suggests that the "ghost" be lured into a trap... with you and your dog as bait.
		(Refusing ends the event chain here, and the woman disappears from your court. The negative province modifer persists for years.)
		(Accepting leads into the next event.)

Event 5: Bait
	75% of you and your dog successfully luring the "ghost" into a trap.
	25% chance of the ghost not taking the bait and deciding that this is more trouble than its worth.
		This removes the province modifer, but you do not induct the Mystery Gang into your court.
	
Event 6: Unmasking
	He is unmasked and revealed to be Lord Jenkins, who was seeking to drive the peasants from the land in order to acquire it for himself.
	And he would've gotten away with it too, if it weren't for you meddling kids!
	Lord Jenkins is imprisoned by you, and you offer to let the Mystery Gang join your court as a reward for their services
	(Prestige gained, Lord Jenkins imprisoned, remaining memebers of Mystery Gang join your court as skilled advisors. However, your negative traits persist.)
	
Event 7: Fight back!
	You have a 25% chance of emerging victorious without injury, a 50% chance of being wounded, a 20% chance of being severely wounded, and a 5% chance of dying.
	If you emerge victorious (95% chance), you gain a load of positive traits (including Brave) and recieve the new nickname of "The Brave". Additionally, Velma falls in love with you.
	The unmasking event happens as normal.
	
	