1. The KISS Principle: Keep It Simple, Stupid
	Don't get caught up in complex event chains and mechanics. They're delicate, and given that CK2 is still being actively patched on a somewhat regular basis they're prone to breaking with updates.

2. Flood everything with DDT
	Always go after bugs whenever you can. Having a mod that runs smoothly and without crashes is a hundred times better than a mod with intricate mechanics and a tendency to CTD every five minutes.

3. Cut your losses
	If you find a bug, track that down to a certain mechanic and then find out you can't remove that bug from the mechanic, remove the mechanic. As above, a smooth-running mod is more important than a mod with fancy mechanics.

4. Gameplay first
	A smooth-running and simply-organized game is important. If you have an idea for an event chain or decision or whatever and the only way it'll fit is if you shoehorn it in and ask people to use their imagination to fill in the blanks, see above and drop the idea. Make it work with the gameplay and mechanics as they are, don't force the gameplay and mechanics to bend to your will.


After the End-specific:

5. Avoid inserting real-life figures
	People get caught up in details, and can and will argue about the most inane stuff. If you add Stefani Germanotta, neckbeards will incessantly argue over what her stats should be and may suddenly get real creepy.

6. Genericize!
	If you really want to add a specific figure, mix stuff up a bit so that while a character is clearly inspired by a real person, the game character and real dude aren't one and the same. This will give you wiggle room to change things if somebody says "Uh, Person X wouldn't have that trait".
	This point also applies to religions. Generally speaking, avoid including specific denominations, because some Internet Theologian will appear and tell you you've represented that faith all wrong. If you give the faith a more generic term, that likewise gives you wiggle room to make stuff up.

7. Flags
	If there's a real-life county or city in a province you're working on with a good flag design, great, use that. If those designs suck or don't exist at all, see if a local Catholic diocese has a nice coat of arms that can be used. If that doesn't work, use a city's sport mascot. If that doesn't work, make up something that takes a cue from a local point of pride.

8. Provinces
	Try to avoid having provinces/counties share the same name as a barony within it or its de jure duchy. Use either local county names or the name of a local geographic feature if you can-- I'd advocate using the latter more than the former, because a lot of counties share the same name. 
	When charting your new province, avoid North American lines and try to squiggle the borders a bit.

9. If something already fits, use it
	This is not Lux Invicta. Not every region and kingdom needs a special snowflake religion. Do you think Occultists would actually work for part of the Rockies? Great! Go for it. Do you think the Rust Cultists should appear in California? That's absolutely fine.

10. Be kind with stereotypes
	I didn't go with awful stuff like stereotypical black names or hillbilly incest, so you don't need to use anything like that either. If you want to lean on a bit of stereotyping, be polite about it and don't make it all about how they're dumb and/or inbred and/or whatever other negative stuff you're thinking of.
